Saved Queries: Pass editor ref for dynamic dropdown display (#114321)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/index.md

1. To create a query, do one of the following:
   - Write or construct a query in the query language of your data source.

>    - Open the **Saved queries** dropdown and then click **Replace query** to reuse a [saved query](ref:saved-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Open the **Saved queries** drop-down menu and click **Replace query** to reuse a [saved query](ref:saved-queries).
```

> 1. (Optional) To [save the query](ref:save-query) for reuse, open the **Saved queries** dropdown and then click the **Save query** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) To [save the query](ref:save-query) for reuse, open the **Saved queries** drop-down menu and click the **Save query** option.
```
